Fixes #32. Treat mock file name as literal in matching (#33)
nealrichardson/httptest: NEWS.md

# httptest 3.3.0.9000 (under development)
* Mocking PUT and POST with a body consisting of only `httr::upload_file` no longer leaves a file connection open. 

> * Patch to fix bug where mock files with special characters in filename were not found

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Mock files with special characters in the filename are now correctly found (#33, @natbprice)
```
